so there is no way for me to plug it in here in the us unless i go by a converter.	
tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.major problems!!	
i have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	
if you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	
needless to say, i wasted my money.	
what a waste of money and time!.	
if the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft i started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	
the design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	
i advise everyone do not be fooled!	
it clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	
i went on motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	
the commercials are the most misleading.	
i bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	
i didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	
people couldnt hear me talk and i had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	
doesn't hold charge.	
this is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	
it is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	
i have two more years left in this contract and i hate this phone.	
you need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.battery life is short.	
poor talk time performance.	
worthless product.	
i was not impressed by this product.	
i only hear garbage for audio.	
who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	
after arguing with verizon regarding the dropped calls we returned the phones after two days.	
disappointed with battery.	
not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	
very disappointed.	
the buttons for on and off are bad.	
essentially you can forget microsoft's tech support.	
buy a different phone - but not this.	
you have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	
the one big drawback of the mp3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	
a week later after i activated it, it suddenly died.	
mic doesn't work.	
even in my bmw 3 series which is fairly quiet, i have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	
do not buy for d807...wrongly advertised for d807.	
i purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	
not a good bargain.	
the battery runs down quickly.	
this item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	
the construction of the headsets is poor.	
for a product that costs as much as this one does, i expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	
the ear buds only play music in one ear.	
dont waste your money...	
if you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	
i found this product to be waaay too big.	
i'm very disappointed with my decision.	
buyer beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	
i received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	
that's a huge design flaw (unless i'm not using it correctly, which i don't think is the case).	
the camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	
i purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	
could not get strong enough signal.	
bad quality.	
basically the service was very bad.	
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	
the bt headset was such a disapoinment.	
buyer--be very careful!!!!!.	
the majority of the logitech earbud headsets failed.	
in my house i was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	
what a waste.	
during several different 2 minute calls, i experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	
i was not happy with this item.	
very disappointed.	
the phone takes forever to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	
what a waste of time!	
its reception is very very poor.	
items stated as included from the description are not included.	
after 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	
i was hoping for more.	
audio quality is poor, very poor.	
i've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	
all i can do is whine on the internet, so here it goes.the more i use the thing the less i like it.	
this is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	
i still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough dna to copy the design over to humans.	
doesn't work at all.. i bougth it for my l7c and its not working.	
doesn't last long.	
one thing i hate is the mode set button at the side.	
thank you for wasting my money.	
how can that be?the audio quality is poor.	
i put the latest os on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	
it only recognizes the phone as its storage device.	
if you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	
don't buy this product.	
i've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	
i have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, i really abhor it.	
i recently had problems where i could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	
design flaw?.	
waste of 13 bucks.	
but when i check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then i'm lost.	
the replacement died in a few weeks.	
i have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	
not impressed.	
bad choice.	
the pleather case doesn't fit.	
useless phone, simply deaf.	
it makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	
battery lasts only a few hours.	
we are sending it back.	
i did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but i learned the lesson that i should not have bought this form online anyway.	
if you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	
i also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	
worst phone ever.	
freezes frequently4.	
it's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	
all in all, i'd expected a better consumer experience from motorola.	
there's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that i have never experienced before.	
i'm a bit disappointed.	
i have had this phone for over a year now, and i will tell you, its not that great.	
i ordered this for sony ericsson w810i but i think it only worked once (thats when i first used it).	
the battery is completely useless to me.	
what a big waste of time.	
don't waste your $$$ on this one.	
do not make the same mistake as me.	
big disappointment with calendar sync.	
the phone was unusable and was not new.	
worst customer service ever.	
no additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	
it defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	
internet is excrutiatingly slow.	
this product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	
poor quality and service.	
the cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	
absolutel junk.	
that one didn't work either.	
returned 8 hours later.	
don't waste your money!.	
not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	
unreliable - i'm giving up.	
avoid this one if you can.	
i wasted my little money with this earpiece.	
first of all, it doesn't wear well.	
i wouldn't recommend buying this product.	
piece of junk.	
poorly contstruct hinge.	
don't buy it.	
do not purchase this phone.	
customer service was terrible.	
battery life still not long enough in motorola razor v3i.	
sending it back.	
as many people complained, i found this headset's microphone was very weak.	
my 5-year old nokia 2160 from tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	
they do not care about the consumer one bit.	
the instruction manual is lacking.	
the battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	
it's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an lg).	
i want my money back.	
i ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	
the ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	
i have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when i am home, but you cant not hear anything.	
however-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	
the plug did not work very well.	
amazon sucks.	
rip off---- over charge shipping.	
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	
obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	
very disappointing.	
it was an inexpensive piece, but i would still have expected better quality.	
it is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after i bought it.	
was not happy.	
a piece of junk that broke after being on my phone for 2 days!!!	
worst customer service.	
reception is terrible and full of static.	
i was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	
were jerks on the phone.	
their network coverage in los angeles is horrible.	
excellent starter wireless headset.	
the loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	
the only thing that i think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	
first off the reception sucks, i have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	
the phone gets extremely hot!	
also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	
bad fit, way too big.	
waste of money.	
i'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	
the worst phone i've ever had.... only had it for a few months.	
not a good item.. it worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	
this is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if i try to push the ear plug into my ear.	
this is a very average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	
soyo technology sucks.	
same problem as others have mentioned.	
the worst piece of crap ever along with the verizon customer service.	
poor sound quality.	
the picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	
using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	
still waiting...... i'm sure this item would work well.. if i ever recieve it!	
what a disappointment	
don't waste your money and time.	
it's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	
i came over from verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing i noticed was the really bad service.	
i'll be looking for a new earpiece.	
we received a white colored battery that goes dead after a couple hoursthe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	
after a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	
this is the first phone i've had that has been so cheaply made.	
att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	
the plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	
don't make the same mistake i did.	
oh and i forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	
also the area where my unit broke).- i'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	
another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	
low quality.	
warning - stay away.	
i wish i could return the unit and get back my money.	
i used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	
if you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.i would not recommend this to anyone.	
very displeased.	
i might have gotten a defect, but i would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	
they made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	
does not fit.	
there's really nothing bad i can say about this headset.	
i even fully charged it before i went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	
i've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which i always turn it on and then off again.	
not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	
horrible phone.	
bt50 battery junk!.	
cant get the software to work with my computer.	
disappointed!.	
poor voice clarity.	
no buyers remorse on this one!.	
very disappointed in accessoryone.	
i find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	
the update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	
disappointment.. i hate anything that goes in my ear.	
uncomfortable in the ear, don't use with lg vx9900 (env).	
the volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	
i'd like to return it.	
verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	
a disappointment.	
its not user friendly.	
unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	
then i exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	
this results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	
pretty piece of junk.	
plug was the wrong size.	
save your money.... i've had this item for 11 months now.	
bad purchase.	
defective crap.	
i would have given no star if i was able.	
the sound quality for the device is unacceptable.unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	
i would not recommend this item to anyone.	
the holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	
as an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	
you never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	
i am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	
my only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	
really ugly.	
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	
no real improvement.	
they refuse to refund or replace.	
unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	
so i basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	
all it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.i am not impressed and i am not laughing.	
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	
i've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	
perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when i use this.	
don't buy this product.	
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	
worst software ever used.... if i could give this zero stars i would.	
trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	
the case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	
i give wirefly 1 star.i will contact cingular/at&t; and inform them of this practice.	
it's aggravating!	
none of it works, just don't buy it.	
muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	
please dont waste your money.	
if you are looking for a good quality motorola headset keep looking, this isn't it.	
yet plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	
disapointing results.	
cumbersome design.	
it's a piece of crap!	
my experience was terrible..... this was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last jabra (which i hated!!!	
worst ever.	
i can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	
the battery life is highly unacceptable.	
that company is a joke.	
due to this happening on every call i was forced to stop using this headset.	
verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and i ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	
voice quality, signal strength, dropped calls.	
it feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	
also difficult to put on.i'd recommend avoiding this product.	
i only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	
i got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...i went to plug it in and it started smoking.	
sprint - terrible customer service.	
what possesed me to get this junk, i have no idea...	
piece of trash.	
the real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	
poor construction.	
this is infuriating.	
sprint charges for this service.	
it is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	
it doesn't work in europe or asia.	
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy samsung e715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	
poor product.	
however i needed some better instructions.	
you need two hands to operate the screen.this software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	
steer clear of this product and go with the genuine palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	
do not buy do not buyit sucks	
plus, i seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	
very dissapointing performance.	
don't make the same mistake that i did and please don't buy this phone.	
this phone might well be the worst i've ever had in any brand.	
case was more or less an extra that i originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	
don't bother - go to the store.	
you get what you pay for i guess.	
however, bt headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	
disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	
performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	
obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	
i contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if i couldn't produce my receipt i was out of luck.	
linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	
when i placed my treo into the case, not only was it not snug, but there was a lot of extra room on the sides.	
battery is terrible.	
the earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	
utter crap.. sound quality is terrible.	
the charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	
finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and i could not use it any longer on the visor.	
talk about useless customer service.	
it felt too light and "tinny.".	
this does not fit the palm tungsten e2 and it broke the first time i tried to plug it in.	
i could not recommend these more.	
looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	
a must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	
the first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	
then i had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	
can't upload ringtones from a third party.	
bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	
truly awful.	
and none of the tones is acceptable.	
camera color balance is awful.	
this product is clearly not ready for prime time, i don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	
chinese forgeries abound!.	
the instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	
too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	
the nokia ca-42 usb cable did not work with my phone.	
the biggest complaint i have is, the battery drains superfast.	
the design might be ergonomic in theory but i could not stand having these in my ear.	
do not buy if you want to use the holster.	
it doesn't make you look cool.	
also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except cbr mp3s, preferably ripped by windows media player.	
so just beware.	
so anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	
i bought this phone as a replacement for my startac and have regretted it since.	
can't store anything but phone numbers to sim.	
it lasts less than 3o minutes, if i actually try to use the phone.my wife has the same phone with the same problem.	
poor quality.	
not worth it.	
the phone crashed completely and now i have to get it replaced.	
unfortunately it will not recharge my iphone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (imac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	
think it over when you plan to own this one!this sure is the last moto phone for me!	
after receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	
none of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	
we have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. pros	
couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in texas!	
it dit not work most of the time with my nokia 5320.	
bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	
if you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	
stay away from this store, be careful.	
does not fit.	
disappointing.	
the camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... i'd rather be using a disposable then this.	
then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	
the nano stated it.my son was dissapointed.	
would not reccommend.	
this particular model would not work with my motorola q smartphone.	
wont work right or atleast for me.	
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	
but now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.bottom line... put your money somewhere else... cingular will not support it.	
i really wanted the plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.the good	
after the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	
very cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	
i get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones i have not had this problem.	
after my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	
i am sorry i made this purchase.	
i bought these hoping i could make my bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	
treo and t-mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	
it was horrible!.	
i don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	
this allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	
they work about 2 weeks then break.	
i can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	
not what i wanted.	
the internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	
$50 down the drain.	
i tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and i was still told it wasn't great.	
if there is a wind, it is completely useless.	
does not work.	
at first i thought i was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until i plugged it into my phone (v3c razr).	
improper description.... i had to return it.	
battery has no life.	
i checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	
doesn't do the job.	
awkward to use and unreliable.	
not as good as i had hoped.	
doesn't work.	
unfortunately it did not work.	
all three broke within two months of use.	
dont buy it.	
my father has the v265, and the battery is dying.	
however, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week i lost one.	
the calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	
horrible, horrible protector.	
i don't like this nokia either.	
reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where i expect them to be.3.	
i have bought this nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	
it would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with amazon.	
the only very disappointing thing was there was no speakerphone!!!!	
terrible.. my car will not accept this cassette.	
product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones i was planning to use it with.	
it's not what it says it is.	
stay away from the q!.	
used and dirty.	
very unreliable service from t-mobile !	
not good enough for the price.	
i bought two of them and neither will charge.	
these products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	
just does not work.	
poor reliability.	
if i take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	
terrible product, and waste of money!	
last time buying from you.	
it was a waste of my money.	
the item received was counterfeit.	
this is by far the worst purchase i've made on amazon.	
does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	
the bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from sprint.	
having trouble with volume.	
warning - do not buy!!.	
when it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	
i didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	
don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	
the speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	
bad reception.	
this product is very high quality chinese crap!!!!!!	
don't buy this product - it fails!.	
everything about this product is wrong.first	
this was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	
terrible phone holder.	
problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	
not nearly as good looking as the amazon picture makes it look.	
how stupid is that?	
it always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	
couldn't figure it out	
my phone sounded ok ( not great - ok), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	
so i had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	
while i managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	
saggy, floppy piece of junk.	
it also had a new problem.	
it looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	
makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when i'm not wearing it.	
as i said above....pretty useless!	
never got it!!!!!	
this pair of headphones is the worst that i have ever had sound-wise.	
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	
does not charge the cingular (att) 8525 phone.	
however, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and i couldn't receive and place calls.	
i kept catching the cable on the seat and i had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	
the mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	
i'm returning them.	
i does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	
i had to purchase a different case.	
very much disappointed with this company.	
it didn't charge for me.	
buttons are too small.	
however, the keypads are so tinny that i sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	
i cannot make calls at certain places.	
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	
this company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	
i'm trying to return it for a refund.	
i plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	
earbud piece breaks easily.	
lousy product.	
this phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	
not enough volume.	
echo problem....very unsatisfactory	
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	
don't waste your money.	
i am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	
adapter does not provide enough charging current.	
there was so much hype over this phone that i assumed it was the best, my mistake.	
you also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	
phone falls out easily.	
it didn't work, people can not hear me when i talk.	
the text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	
i'm really disappointed all i have now is a charger that doesn't work.	
painful on the ear.	
lasted one day and then blew up.	
disappointed.	
kind of flops around.	
the screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	
what a piece of junk.. i lose more calls on this phone.	
item does not match picture.	
the only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	
you can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	
now i'm on the search for another white motorola bluetooth h50
this item doesnt work for the lg vx610
